Every Message Broker needs to be able to do 3 tasks:

1. To receive Subscribe messages
2. To receive Publish messages
3. To Send messages that are published to those who subscribed

Task 1:
Create an actor. Whenever a Subscribe message is received, save the senders address into a list.

Task 2:
Continue the previous task. Each time a Publish message is received, 
echo the message to the addresses contained in the subscribe list.

Task 3:
Start your actor and 3 command prompts. 
Subscribe 1 of them to the actor. Use another prompt to Publish some messages.
Now, Subscribe the last prompt. Use the publisher to Publish a couple more messages. 

====

In Elixir programming language, create a message brokerage solution, 
where producers (3) publish messages to brokers (2), and broker subscribers (3) receive messages from broker.

1) Message broker must perform all of the following tasks:

1. To receive Subscribe messages (Create an actor, whenever a Subscribe message is received, save the senders address into a list);

2. To receive Publish messages (Continue the previous task. Each time a Publish message is received, 
echo the message to the addresses contained in the subscribe list);

3. To Send messages that are published to those who subscribed 
(Start your actor and 3 command prompts,
Subscribe 1 of them to the actor, Use another prompt to Publish some messages,
Now, Subscribe the last promp, Use the publisher to Publish a couple more messages);


2) Message subscribers must perform all of the following tasks:

1. Each time the subscriber actor receives a message, it should print it out 
(Open another execution environment / command prompt and send a message to the actor);

2. Store messages it receives into a list and print out the list every time it receives an actor;

3. Echo messages it receives back to the sender;


3) Message publishers must perform all of the following tasks:

1. Is a Publisher actor that publishes messages to Message Broker;


Parties interaction schema:
Publishers (publish messages to brokers) ->
Message Brokers (stream messages from publishers to message broker subscribers) -> 
Subscribers (receive streamed messages from message brokers and print them to console)

Provide all the steps to run solution provided in detail, with explanation. 